{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34360\viewh19020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Graphical User Interfaces and Command-Line interfaces are two ways for people to interact with computers and software, both having their separate strengths and weaknesses. GUIs rely specifically on visual elements like windows, icons, buttons, and menus, helping them be intuitive and accessible. GUIs are especially helpful to those with limited knowledge and experience regarding technology. By using a touch input like a mouse, GUIs allow for easier and cleaner navigation, making them ideal for everyday use like media editing, browsing, and processing. They, however, do require more system resources, including memory and processing power, and they can also be much less efficient for repetitive or complex tasks.\
CLIs use text-based commands entered through a terminal, offering greater control and flexibility for more experienced users. They are very efficient, requiring minimal resources to function, making them more suitable for managing servers, automating tasks, and handling large-scale data testing. CLI\'92s also enable users to perform complex operations quickly with scripting. However, CLIs prove to be challenging to learn due to the need to memorize commands. Ultimately, the choice between GUI and CLI depends on the user\'92s expertise and the task provided. GUIs are more user-friendly and offer lots of visual clarity, CLIs provide unmatched precision, making them valuable for technical use.}